now living in a royal palace may sound
like a dream for many but for the for
Saudi princess as its turned into a
nightmare fading into nothingness
that's how two of the sisters have
managed to get in contact with the world
outside and are describing their
condition they've been denied food for
more than 60 days and have limited
access to water the princesses having
been living in isolation after 13 years
after falling out of favor with their
father King Abdullah and he's the
monarch who allegedly got angry at the
girl's mother for not giving him a son
Aarti has again spoken to the women and
here's what they have to say about their
incarceration a horrible situation is
forced families basically they're
confining us depriving us of food and
water freedom and rights where we're
struggling we're surviving were
resisting we're trying our best to to
stay alive how can we continue living
like this we have to take the risk of
talking out the king and his sons which
I've been abilities need to answer this
question what are we charged with what
exactly is our crime what is the crime
of 99 percent of women in this country
who are basically suffer suffering under
male guardianship and male guardian can
do whatever he wants he can he can cut
off for everything and she's left with
nothing and we are making these
statements right now we would like to
gain our right we'd like to gain our
freedom well the woman's father who
apparently locked his own daughters in
the palace is a man of extremely high
influence the 89 89 year old King I
should say he holds the well the eighth
place in the Forbes list of the most
powerful people in the world his wealth
estimated at a mere 17 billion dollars
according to some sources the king is
the father of 38 children with multiple
wives the director of the Institute for
Gulf Affairs Ali Ahmed he shared his
thoughts on why the monarch could have
locked up his daughters well you know
this is the nature of the Saudi monarchy
who are oppressing the people in that
country but also now it's very clear
that the
are pressing their own female members
the king who is betrayed in
international media and the Western
media as a reformer is oppressing his
own daughters a healthy adult women who
are being held for 13 years and now they
have been starved deliberately people
outside the country definitely can speak
and hold those people who are
responsible for this crime accountable
namely the the Saudi King and his sons
Mattel and Abdul Aziz who who are
deliberately doing this two to two
female who cannot do anything really